hey how's it going Dave TD here so it's
2018 we're gonna get refresh is on
basically every single Apple laptop some
will be bigger refreshes someone be
smaller but I'm gonna take this time to
kind of explain what I feel like those
changes might be so the first one the
big one is gonna be this 13-inch
entry-level laptop this is gonna be like
the new MacBook Air and what makes this
thing special is its price tag it's
supposed to come in around $900 so
cheaper than the current MacBook Air and
I think it'll have USB C charging but no
Athan world 3 no fancy stuff no touch
bar no super high res display it's just
gonna be a very productivity focused
device that's thin and light and the key
here is price they want this thing to be
affordable for everyone basically for
students or anyone who doesn't need a
super powerful computer this can be a
good option and that's gonna have eight
gigs of RAM nothing super crazy and the
processor is gonna be probably a Y
processor maybe you but it really will
be just a refresh version of something
like the MacBook Air now the existence
of that product the existence of a $900
MacBook is going to affect the sales of
this the base model 13-inch MacBook Pro
without the touch bar I actually think
that this model the one without the
touch bar is going to be removed and the
rest of the 13-inch MacBook Pros are
going to be upgraded so I think those
laptops will not be running cable a car
chip so I think a lot of people think
that those cabling are CPUs that we see
in a lot of ultrabooks will be running
in those 13-inch MacBook Pros I don't
think so they're gonna be running the
new coffee like you processors and what
makes this thing special is the four
core CPU so basically every single
13-inch MacBook Pro that has ever
existed has used a two core CPU this now
has a four core CPU that can have eight
threads of its hyper threading it's a
very very good computer for applications
that can take advantage of multi-core
stuff I think one of the big examples is
content creation so if you're a video
editor or photo editor a lot of people
prefer to have the size of a 13-inch
MacBook but they want that power from
the 15-inch MacBook now you have a four
core CPU in a small form factor I think
a lot of content creator is going to
like that so let's move on to the next
one the 15-inch MacBook Pro is gonna be
changed this is still not gonna have an
Nvidia card it's going to be AMD I think
a lot of my audience wants to see an
Nvidia card in a MacBook it's just not
gonna happen any time soon
one the water is too high you can't run
any of the ten series cards from Nvidia
with just a Thunderbolt 3 port it goes
way over 100 watts the other thing is
thermals there's no way that a MacBook
Pro with this kind of thickness is gonna
be able to cool any kind of ten series
cards effectively so you're gonna get
AMD cards here lower wattage AMD cards
in terms of the CPU I think a lot of
people are hoping for the KB Lake G so
that 8th gen chip that pairs an Intel
CPU with an AMD GPU the performance is
very good and it's very efficient both
energy and space-efficient so on paper
it seems like that's like the perfect
chip for Apple but that's just my guess
is they won't be using that that's just
not how Apple does stuff they tend to
use more custom stuff so they're I think
they're gonna use the H processors from
Intel like those coffee Lake in each
processors 6 core and a custom AMD trip
to go with it a 35 watt Vega GPU it's
gonna be good it's gonna be an upgrade
from the current existing 2017 ones but
it's not going to be like a massive
increase and the GPU side the CPU
because it's running that six core it's
gonna be a big step up for certain
applications but again it's gonna be one
of those things that are multi-core
dependent the last one is the 12-inch
MacBook
I think it'll get a bit of a spec bump
nothing crazy I'm thinking the CPU just
bump up to Canon like why it's a really
good seller for Apple so they're not
gonna get rid of it it's just not my
type of laptop so I'm not that
interested in it so upgrades across the
board are gonna be pretty good and I
think battery life for these new laptops
we bumped up a bit obviously with more
efficient CPUs but I actually wouldn't
be surprised if they try to put
terrorist batteries into the MacBook Pro
so the 13 and the 15-inch when they
first launched these in 2016 they didn't
use terrorist batteries like the type of
battery tech that we see in the 12-inch
MacBook where they kind of shape the
battery to the space of the internals
it's impressive technology but the 2016
and the 2017 inch MacBook Pros didn't
have that tech and there were some
reports that Apple is trying to put that
battery tech into their MacBook Pros
before launch but it never happened
because a brand at a time hopefully they
do it this year and there's actually a
lot of space in here for extra battery
so we'll see what they do hopefully this
video was helpful I mean if you're
thinking of buying a MacBook Pro or
MacBook right now probably hold off
because all these things are supposed to
come out kind of end of q2 like June ish
so yeah I would wait till then if you
could okay hope you guys enjoy this
video thumbs we liked it subs have you
loved it see you guys next time